---
id=1
---
Patients, doctors, and staff of the top Sylhet hospital are in tremendous crisis today as floodwater submerged the
hospital's ground floor, and electricity connection was cut off.
Shishir Ranjan Chakraborty, vice principal at Sylhet MAG Osmani Medical College, said that there was knee-deep water on
the ground floor of the hospital. Considering this situation, the patients from the ground floor were shifted to the
first floor.
He said there was no electricity. The main generator was not working as water entered the generator room in the ground
floor.
Patients are being treated using candles from this noon as electricity connection was cut off all over the district,
said Shishir Ranjan Chakraborty, also the head of medicine department of the hospital.
Three alternative generators have been brought in on an urgent basis. Efforts are being made to run the operation
theatre and Intensive Care Unit (ICU), the doctor added.
Geeta Das, who came with another patient, said, "My husband is admitted to this hospital. I came from the ground floor
to the first floor. I am wondering whether the patient will be moved somewhere else again."

---
id=2
---
The Selecao breezed through South American World Cup qualifying, topping their group after going unbeaten before the
rearranged clash with Argentina on September 22.

Argentina are another force to be reckoned in the battle for the famous Jules Rimet trophy, having gone undefeated in 33
games â€“ the longest intact unbeaten run in international football.

Holders France are also among the contenders, while England, Spain and Germany will be expected to provide stern
competition at world football's showpiece event.

Roberto Carlos was in the team that won Brazil's fifth and most recent World Cup in 2002, and he believes Tite's side
will end a 20-year wait to be crowned champions in December.

"The most important thing is that Brazil have a great team," he told reporters. "It's time to win, because the last
photo we have is ours [in 2002].

"I am very optimistic. It is not easy to win a World Cup. In recent times, the Brazilian team are as usual, since our
time, they have played great games, but have never been so good.

"The Copa America is important but for the Brazilians, this World Cup is going to be very important and has a special
flavour, the moment of the national team is very good.

"At least the European press put Brazil as one of the favourites. This is already an important factor.

"Luis Enrique commented on it the other day, if you ask any other national team coach, the Brazilian team is one of the
four favourites for this World Cup. If they prepare well, Brazil will win again."

Brazil start their World Cup campaign against Serbia on November 24, with clashes against Switzerland and Cameroon to
follow in Group G.

---
id=3
---
The victims, Jishnu Raj (29) and Akhil Sekhar (26), both hailing from Kerala in India, were technicians at the
Danish-flagged vessel MT Nord Magic, reports our Chattogram staff correspondent quoting Kabir Hossain, officer-in-charge
of Patenga Police Station.

The OC said the two technicians got down at an empty cargo tank of the vessel for inspection at around 4pm yesterday (
June 17, 2022) and became senseless.

The second officer of the ship immediately informed it to the ship's local agent firm which with the help of Bangladesh
Coast Guard brought the two to Max Hospital in the city last evening while the on-duty doctors declared Jishnu dead at
around 7:00pm.

Sekhar died at around 4am this afternoon (June 18, 2022) while undergoing treatment at the ICU of the hospital, the OC
informed.

The bodies were sent to Chattogram Medical College morgue for autopsy while a general diary was filed by the shipping
agent with Patenga Police Station in this connection, said the OC.

Md Omar Faruk, secretary of Chattogram Port Authority (CPA), suspected that the two might have got sick because of gas
inhalation inside the empty tank.

The OC echoed the same.

The vessel carrying 22,740 tonnes of soybean oil arrived at the outer anchorage on June 15 from Argentina.

---
id=4
---
"Ministry of Foreign Affairs categorically asserts that the Padma Multipurpose Bridge has been entirely funded by the
Government of Bangladesh and no foreign funds from any bilateral or multilateral funding agency has financially
contributed to its construction," it said today.

It said both Bangladeshi and foreign construction firms were engaged for the implementation of the project.

The completion of this bridge will fulfill the long-cherished dream of the nation for connecting the 19 south-western
districts with the rest of the country resulting in collective prosperity, socioeconomic development of Bangladesh as
well as enhanced regional connectivity, the foreign ministry said.

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs earnestly hopes that all friends of Bangladesh will join hands in celebrating the
completion of this landmark project of Bangladesh which is all the more special since it has been done entirely by the
contribution of the people and the Government of Bangladesh.

---
id=5
---
The Criminal Investigation Department (CID) has come to this conclusion after analysing 17 cases filed from 2016 to 2020
involving the recovery of 124kg of gold in total.

"The masterminds cannot be traced down due to insufficient information. This weakens the case, and the chance of
conviction gets slim," said a top CID official working at its Dhaka metro office.

The official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said vital information is sometimes "intentionally" left out while
filing cases to protect smugglers who have connections with some law enforcers.

Ten of the 17 cases analysed by the specialised police department relate to gold smuggling using Biman flights. Seven
other consignments were brought in using other airlines, officials said.

CID's Dhaka Metro Unit is now investigating all the 17 cases.

CID's analysis of case documents shows investigating officers failed to extract any vital information from the
arrestees, who were placed on two to three days' remand.

The fact is the investigating officers do not quiz them to get to the bottom of the case and track down the masterminds,
a CID investigator said.

"We went through statements given by the accused during the remand period and found no significant information," he
said.

Since the accused were placed on remand before, courts do not grant fresh requests for remand, he said. "As a result, we
cannot dig deeper into the smuggling racket."

It is possible that these smugglers have their cronies in the court's corridor to watch their back, he added.

In almost all cases, the carriers who get arrested know only two persons -- the one who hands him the consignment and
the person receiving the package.

For evidence gathering, they need to be questioned properly, officials said.

The CID recently spoke with 12 officials of different agencies and police officers who filed and investigated the cases
for explanations, but they could not give any satisfactory answers.

Imam Hossain, additional deputy inspector general of CID, Dhaka Metro, said they are investigating the cases with due
importance.

To investigate gold smuggling cases, police have to obtain vital information from domestic and international airports
and the airlines used.

"We often ask for information from foreign airports and airlines, which you cannot get readily. So, we cannot make
expected progress," he told The Daily Star.

Since 2017, at least 233 gold smuggling cases have been filed in Dhaka alone against 261 people, CID data show.

A senior lawyer practising in a Dhaka court said convictions in such cases are rare, except for the two cases that
recently saw convictions.

In one case, four people including two Biman employees were sentenced to 12 years in jail by a Dhaka court in January
this year. The case involved recovery of 9.28kg of gold in Dhaka in 2018.

In another case involving recovery of 13 gold bars in 2020, a woman was sentenced to life imprisonment by a Jashore
court in March this year.

Noted criminal lawyer Khurshid Alam Khan said low conviction rates mean the prosecution failed to prove the case.

"Government prosecutors have many shortcomings. They lack experience and coordination. Brilliant lawyers are not
attracted to the position. The government needs to look into this," he said.

---
id=6
---
The Ministry of Religious Affairs has warned Biman and Saudia airlines for carrying hajj pilgrims to Jeddah instead of
their scheduled destination -- Madinah, making pilgrims suffer.

In a letter to the two airlines, the ministry said the Saudi Ministry of Hajj and Umrah also expressed its concern over
the matter.

According to the religious affairs ministry, a number of Madinah-bound pilgrims are being taken to Jeddah almost every
day on scheduled flights of Biman and Saudia.

As a result, the pilgrims, after their long journey to Jeddah, have to make another one to Madinah -- which is 450
kilometres away from Jeddah -- by road. This is causing indescribable suffering to them, said the letter.

The Saudi ministry summoned Jahirul Islam, Bangladesh hajj office counsellor in Jeddah, and informed that the "route to
Makkah" initiative was taken to lessen the sufferings of pilgrims.

"But the hajj pilgrims are being harassed with a longer journey instead," said the ministry.

"We are instructing [Biman and Saudia] to refrain from such activities to protect the image of the country abroad and
not to send any Madinah-bound hajis to Jeddah."

Meanwhile, a total of 15,724 pilgrims arrived in Saudi Arabia by 42 flights till June 16.

Biman Bangladesh Airlines has so far operated 24 hajj flights, while Saudia and Flynas operated 13 and 5 flights,
respectively.

The first flight of hajj pilgrims left Bangladesh on June 5, and flights will continue till July 4.

This year, a total of 57,585 Bangladeshis will be able to perform hajj. Of them, 4,000 will do so under government
management and the rest 53,585 under private management.

---
id=7
---
Anwar Hossain, 30, of Kushtia's Bheramara upazila, was an electrical mechanic.

Ruhul Kuddus, in-charge of the site office, said Anwar was working on a project when a distribution box suddenly fell on
him.

Anwar was critically injured and rushed to a hospital. He breathed his last on the way to the hospital around 10:30pm,
he added.

Arbinda Sarkar, officer-in-charge of Ishwardi Police Station, said the body was sent to Pabna General Hospital for
autopsy.

---
id=8
---
Two ministers this week hinted at a hike in the prices of petrol and diesel, citing an upward trend in the international
market. The fact that it was the government that put the BPC in this tight spot seemed lost on them.

The BPC made money since fiscal 2014-15 and is still in the black as of May, government reports show.

Critics and economists have questioned the timing of the move to increase the prices when consumers are already
struggling to deal with high prices of daily essentials. Besides, diesel price was increased by Tk 15 just last
November.

They said there were ways around increasing the prices.

Nasrul Hamid, state minister for power, energy and mineral resources, on Tuesday said, "The BPC is losing about Tk 100
crore every day due to the abnormal price hike of oil in the international market."

Talking to The Daily Star yesterday, BPC Chairman ABM Azad said, "We are in trouble as the international market has
become volatile â€¦ ."

He said the corporation was incurring losses since February but has made no proposals to the government for raising
prices.

When diesel price was increased last year, transport owners went on strike for three days, forcing the government to
raise fares and putting the burden on the people.

Diesel was $100 a barrel, about 159 litres, then and crude $80.

Azad said diesel was over $170 a barrel in the global market this month and crude oil over $115.

Economist Zahid Hussain said the government should clearly outline its fuel pricing policy.

"When you [the government] made profits, you didn't decrease the prices, and when you are in losses, you want to hike
the prices â€¦ it is not acceptable to the people."

He said a huge amount of money has been put aside for subsidies, of which a large portion is kept for the energy sector.
The government should publish a clear picture of accounts in this regard.

"People are already under pressure from inflation. The inflation in the public transport sector is high enough. Now, if
the government hikes the fuel prices again -- saying that otherwise, the development projects [of BPC] would stop -- it
will not be acceptable."

The economist said fuel prices were decreasing significantly in the international market since 2014, but the government
only made a minor adjustment in 2016. It made huge profits during that time.

Prof Mustafizur Rahman, a distinguished fellow at the Centre for Policy Dialogue, said, "If the BPC had the profit to
itself, it could wait until a certain time and observe the market situation. But the government took the money â€¦ ."

He said if the government felt the necessity to hike the prices, it should think about a balanced way and consider
reducing VAT and taxes to ease the burden on consumers.

"... the accounts of the BPC should be transparent," he added.

He said if the fuel prices go up, prices of most products also go up, putting consumers in more trouble.

The CPD fellow, however, said if the government did not hike the prices, there would be a huge drain on subsidies, which
will be met from taxes.

Ahsan H Mansur, executive director at the Policy Research Institute, said, "The hike is necessary. If the government
does not hike the prices, it will have to meet the subsidies by printing extra money or by taking loans.

"If the government chooses that, the burden will be on everyone. If it hikes the prices, the burden will be on consumers
only. Though it is an unpopular decision, the government has nothing to do except increase the prices."

BPC'S PROFITS
Last week, the finance division published Bangladesh Economic Review 2022, where it mentioned the BPC made Tk 48,119
crore since fiscal 2014-15.

Since 2015, the government has taken Tk 13,100 crore from the BPC's profits. The company has its own development
projects involving over Tk 30,000 crore.

As of May this year, BPC made Tk 1,263 crore.

"We have not finalised the accounts, the audit has not been done. Considering the situation, we don't see any
possibility of having any profit this year," said the BPC chairman.

Azad claimed that the BPC lost about Tk 600 crore in February, Tk 1,300 crore in March, Tk 1,400 crore in April and May
each.

In FY 2020-21, BPC imported 15.05 lakh tonnes of crude oil and 41.74 lakh tonnes of refined fuel.

Until February this year, BPC imported 8.72 lakh tonnes of crude and 28.55 lakh tonnes of refined fuel, according to the
economic review.

Now, petrol is Tk 89 a litre, and diesel and kerosene Tk 80 a litre.

---
id=9
---
They started marching towards the Indian High Commission from the north gate of Baitul Mukarram, to submit a memorandum.
Police barred the procession at Shantinagar, said Motijheel DC Commissioner Abdul Ahad. Few minutes later, the
protesters left the area.

DMP Gulshan Division DC Asaduzzaman said a team from Islami Andolan went to his office and gave them the memorandum.

"We then handed it over to the Indian High Commission."

---
id=10
---
No casualty was reported. The name of the under-construction building was not immediately known, our Narayanganj
correspondent reports quoting fire officials

The fire broke out around 11:00 am. Eight firefighting units doused the blaze at 4:35 pm, according to the fire service
control room.

Earlier, when contacted around noon, Abdullah Al Arefin, deputy assistant director of Narayanganj Fire Service and Civil
Defence, said "It will take some time to bring the blaze under control."

Bepza General Manager Ahsan Kabir told reporters, "As soon as the fire broke out, we brought all the workers out of the
EPZ safely."

---
id=11
---
Meanwhile, the fans may see Virat Kohli and Babar Azam play together in the same team, during the Afro-Asia Cup, which
is set to be played in 2023. The tournament sees players from Asian and African nations rub shoulders against each
other. The tournament was played in 2005 and 2007 before it was scrapped due to political and broadcasting issues.
However, the tournament, once again, is expected to see daylight. The organisers are planning to resume the tournament
in a T20 format. It's likely to be played in June-July next year.

"We haven't got confirmation from the boards yet. We are still working on the white paper and it will be submitted to
both boards," ACC head of commercial and events Prabhakaran Thanraj told Forbes. "But our plan is for the best players
from India and Pakistan to be playing in the Asian XI. Once plans are finalized we will go into the market for
sponsorship and a broadcaster."

"I would love to see the opportunity to build the bridge and allow the players to play together. I'm sure the players
want it to happen and to keep the politics away from it. It would be a beautiful thing to see players from Pakistan and
India playing on the same team," said Damodar, who is on the influential Chief Executives' Committee.

Players like Virender Sehwag, Shoaib Akhtar, Sanath Jayasuriya, and Sourav Ganguly teamed up in the previous editions to
take on the African Lions. If the tournament does get a green signal, Virat Kohli and Babar Azam, being the top players,
should feature in it, which will allow the fans to see them bat together.

---
id=12
---
At Lunch, Bangladesh were 115 for six, still trailing West Indies' total by 47 runs.

Left-handed batter Najmul Hossain Shanto was the first to depart, falling to a Kyle Mayers delivery which came in and
kicked a bit off the surface, taking an outside edge to the slip cordon. Shanto's departure reduced the visitors to 64
for three.

Shanto survived 45 deliveries for 17 runs. Joy was joined in the middle by former captain Mominul Haque, who was looking
for some runs after being stripped off his captaincy recently.

Mominul, however, didn't last long. Having survived an inswinging delivery from Mayers, which went for four streaky
runs, the left-hander eventually succumbed to another inswinger from Mayers soon.

The former captain decided to take the review after being hit on the pad, but the DRS returned umpire's call, with the
impact in line and the ball just hitting the leg-stump.

Mominul Haque (L) calls for a review on his dismissal by Kyle Mayers. Photo: AFP
The 29-year-old has scored a grand total of 28 runs in his last nine innings; his average hovering above 37, which once
was above 60 not that long ago.

It looked as if Liton Das would provide some resistance in company of a patient Joy. However, after stroking a few
gorgeous boundaries, Liton chased one way outside off stump against Kemar Roach, causing his downfall for just 17.
Bangladesh were 100 for four at that stage, precariously close to an innings defeat.

Joy's long vigil, featuring 42 runs off 153 deliveries, came to an end when he poked at a Roach delivery, away from his
body, with wicketkeeper Joshua da Silva taking a diving catch.

Skipper Shakib Al Hasan (5) and wicketkeeper-batter Nurul Hasan Shohan (2) were in the middle when Lunch was taken.

Bangladesh were bowled out for 103 in their first innings and in reply, West Indies amassed 265. The visitors started
third day on 50 for two, with Shanto and Mahmudul Hasan Joy resuming the action.


---
id=13
---
West Indies were eventually dismissed in their first innings for 265 after tea, having started the morning at 95 for
two.

Captain Kraigg Brathwaite anchored his side's effort with a typically painstaking 400-minute knock of 94, supported by
63 from Jermaine Blackwood, the vice-captain taking a page from his leader's operational manual as the contribution was
the slowest of his 16 Test half-centuries.

"The first hour (of Day Three) is crucial. We have to keep it tight even if we don't get wickets. Once we build
pressure, that's how we will take wickets. I don't think we can run them over. We have to bowl well," said Brathwaite.

"When I started the innings, the pitch was a bit slow. It got a little harder this morning but still it was on the slow
side. But I think it was a decent pitch to bat on. I am obviously disappointed but I am happy that the team has an
important lead. I was pleased (with the 94) but the most important thing was to build on a foundation for my team. I was
happy with the time I spent. Obviously well done to the team for getting a lead," he added.

Brathwaite added 62 and 63 for the third and fourth wicket with Nkrumah Bonner and Blackwood respectively.

"The partnerships were really important. I think the Bangladesh bowlers did really well. Even the spinners held their
line really well. The pitch was a little slow but it still had something for the pacers off the surface. I think those
were crucial partnerships. I thought we did a good job to get a lead."-


---
id=14
---
England broke their own record for the highest team total in ODI history after they smashed 498-4 to win by 232 runs on
Friday.

"I think the biggest thing, irrelevant of the score, is the mentality we are showing as a team. We keep trying to better
that and be better as a team when we play. We know that stands us in good stead."

Jos Buttler, England Batter

Buttler, Dawid Malan and Phil Salt notched up centuries while Liam Livingstone walked into bat in the 45th over and
scored England's fastest ODI fifty as they eclipsed their previous record of 481 against Australia in 2018.

"We've come close one time before this and the message in the team is to try to keep pushing boundaries and taking the
team forward, take the game on," Buttler told reporters.

"Is it a matter of time before we make 500? I don't know. We'll keep trying to do it. It's a tough thing to try to
achieve. It'll probably have to happen on a belting wicket at a small ground.

"I think the biggest thing, irrelevant of the score, is the mentality we are showing as a team. We keep trying to better
that and be better as a team when we play. We know that stands us in good stead."

Buttler brought up his century in just 47 balls, the second-fastest in England history and one ball shy of his own
record, earning praise from limited-overs captain Eoin Morgan.

"Jos played in a world of his own, like he has been over the last year or two years," Morgan said.

"It's incredible to watch and not something we ever get sick of or take for granted. It really is amazing cricket. It's
the reason he probably is the best white-ball cricketer in the world at the moment."

---
id=15
---
Pandya has recently made a comeback into the India squad during the T20I series against South Africa, making some vital
contributions. His inclusion came on the back of a sensational IPL with the Gujarat Titans, where he proved his form and
fitness, leading them to the title. Pandya scored 487 runs in the IPL while also chipping in with 8 wickets.

"Early in my days, Mahi Bhai taught me one thing. I asked him how do you get away from pressure and everything. And he
gave me very simple advice, 'Stop thinking about your score and start to think of what your team requires'."

Hardik Pandya
The most impressive aspect of his game though was his leadership abilities, which has led him to being named the Indian
captain for the two-match T20I series against Ireland later this month.

Pandya has been in good form during the ongoing five-match series, scoring 117 runs at a strike rate of 153.94,
averaging 58.50 in four matches so far. His partnership with Dinesh Karthik was crucial in India's competitive total
during the fourth T20I in Rajkot, which helped them level the series 2-2.

Speaking with Dinesh Karthik after the game on BCCI.tv, Pandya spoke the mindset he adapts while walking out to bat. "
For me, genuinely nothing changes because I play (according to the) situation, I play the symbol which is there on my
chest. The only thing which I obviously want to get better with time is how smoothly and frequently I keep doing the
things I did for Gujarat Titans and for India."

Pandya also revealed one simple piece of advice from MS Dhoni, which has helped him tremendously in his career so far,
when it comes to batting for his side.

"Early in my days, Mahi Bhai taught me one thing. I asked him how do you get away from pressure and everything. And he
gave me very simple advice, 'Stop thinking about your score and start to think of what your team requires'. So, that
lesson has stuck in my mind and has helped me become the player that I'm, to play under any situation," Pandya added.

Pandya was also full of praise for Karthik, who has made a stunning comeback in the side, calling him an 'inspiration'.
Pandya stated, "I need to tell you this, genuinely I want to tell you this, you have given a lot of inspiration to many
guys in their life. I remember the conversation you were having when you were not in the scheme of things, a lot of
people counted you out."

The series decider between India and South Africa will be played in Bengaluru on 19 June.

---
id=16
---
Eoin Morgan's side beat their own mark of 481-6 set against Australia at Trent Bridge in 2018, in the first match of the
three-game series.

Player of the match Jos Buttler, who finished on 162 not out, plundered his ton off just 47 balls -- missing his own
record for the fastest England century by just one ball -- while Phil Salt and Dawid Malan also made three figures.

Liam Livingstone, batting at number six, made the fastest half-century in England's ODI history off just 17 balls -- the
joint second-fastest of all-time.

In reply, the Dutch were all out for 266 with Scott Edwards top scoring with an unbeaten 72.

England made their intentions clear early in their innings when Salt smacked Dutch right-arm medium pacer Shane Snater
for six -- the first in slugfest of 25 sixes and 36 fours to follow -- in near-perfect batting conditions.

The right-hander pulled a short ball over deep-midwicket to land just over the ropes to the ongoing delight of cheering
away fans.

Salt suffered an early scare though in his innings, when the Netherlands -- who surprisingly opted to field after
winning the toss -- dropped him on 40 in deep cover off the bowling of Bas de Leede.

England lost an early wicket when Jason Roy inside-edged a pitching delivery from Snater, and had to walk for a single.

Together with a stylish Malan, Salt put on a partnership of 222 before being caught on 122, slicing at a slower short
ball by Logan van Beek.

Malan and Buttler then drove England with an even bigger partnership of 184 before Malan fell on 125 to a full delivery
from Dutch skipper Pieter Seelaar, which Malan steered into the waiting hands of Bas de Leede at deep midwicket.

Malan looked trapped lbw on 25 off the bowling of the Dutch skipper earlier in his innings, but he got a reprieve after
an initial out decision was overturned by the third umpire.

The left-hander smashed three sixes and nine fours, becoming only the third England player after Buttler and Heather
Knight to score a ton in all three formats of the game.

But in the end it was Buttler who gave the young players in the Dutch team a masterclass batting lesson, hitting seven
sixes and 14 fours in a magnificent innings on a day of records.

Cricket minnows the Netherlands managed to save some face, putting up a plucky 266 all-out -- a respectable score
against the one-day world champions on any other day.

Top scorer was veteran wicket-keeper Edwards, who carved out a patient 72 not out and put on a spirited 59-run
partnership with Seelaar before the skipper was clean bowled by David Willey for 25.

Max O'Dowd made 55 off 55 balls, including six fours and two sixes -- including one cracking a window in the media
stand.

But the England bowlers, especially veteran spinner Moeen Ali, with three wickets and wily left-hand medium-pacer Willey
with two, turned the screws on the Dutch who lost wickets at regular intervals.

Sam Curran and Reece Topley claimed two scalps each.

---
id=17
---
The broadcasting rights for the series including two Tests, three ODIs followed by three T20Is belong to Total Sports
Management (TSM) but no TV channel from the country brought the rights for the series with fans left wondering how to
watch the matches.

As the standstill at the negotiation table has continued over the last few days, it was reported in the media today that
Bangladesh Cricket Board (BCB) will try to show the games on its Youtube and Facebook channels. However, there are
technical issues that are obstacles to that happening.

"We wanted to show the matches and we are still trying. However, the BCB's official pages do not have geo-fencing and so
if we show the matches on our pages, it can be broadcasted by others [from other countries] and will mean that we will
not be able to show it exclusively [to the viewers in Bangladesh]. It will be difficult to work out that issue but we
are still working on it," BCB director Ismail Haider Mallick told The Daily Star today.

TSM owner Moinul Haque informed that they and the BCB have held talks with the ICC so that Bangladesh citizens can watch
the matches free of charge on ICC TV. The ICC TV platform will show the games live but viewers in Bangladesh will have
to subscribe to ICC TV and pay two dollars to unlock access to live streams, on-demand replays and highlights.

"The thing that I have heard about a consortium (of TV channels that buy the broadcasting rights from TSM), I only saw
it in the media. I approached the channels but they did not show interest but it doesn't mean I have a clash with them.
I have held talks with people and from what I have understood, the advertising market is going through a bad phase.
Without ads it's difficult.

"We and the BCB have approached the ICC to broadcast it on ICC.tv. ICC has a third-party technical team which charges 60
Taka or something for every match and we requested the ICC so that the money is not charged since most people in
Bangladesh do not have international credit cards," Moinul told The Daily Star today.

Asked if there are realistic chances of the Bangladesh audience watching the game for free, he said: "ICC has agreed but
there are technical aspects, specifically software issues," he added.

"There has been no resolution on the match being shown on TV. We are holding
talks [with ICC regarding making the match available free of charge] and if we get an approval, we will immediately
provide a press release so that viewers can access the link to watch the game," BCB media committee chairman Tanvir
Ahmed Titu told The Daily Star today.

With just a few hours left before the start of the game, there remains doubt whether those technical issues will be
sorted. The series has been named 'Padma Bridge Dream Fulfilled Test Series' and the first Test in Antigua will get
underway from 8:00pm today.

---
id=18
---
Before the start of the first of the two-match Test series in Antigua, skipper Shakib Al Hasan mentioned that the Tigers
would have to put up a better show with the bat, especially in the first innings, if they wanted to take control of the
Test. It was pretty much a confession that Bangladesh's batting was the area of concern in the first innings of a Test
match.

But yet another horrible batting display in the first Test on Thursday saw the visitors bundled out for 103 runs in
their first innings and immediately be forced onto the back foot as the fear of losing yet another Test match
comprehensively came to the fore.

On the other hand, West Indies replied strongly and ended the first day on 95 for two, eyeing a big first-innings lead
that would give them full control of the Test match.

Bangladesh's first-innings debacles over the past five years have been something of a feature of the side, with the
Tigers bundled out for 150 or below on seven occasions since 2018. Consequently, they lost all those games by big
margins.

Since 2018, those first-innings failures have also seen the Tigers lose 19 of the 28 Test matches prior to the first
Test against the West Indies. In that time, they have won six and managed to draw three matches.

Of those 28 matches, eight have resulted in innings defeats, which included an innings and 219-run defeat against the
West Indies in Antigua in 2018, when the Tigers were bundled out for their lowest ever total of 43.

Interestingly, five of their six wins came at home -- three against Zimbabwe and two against the West Indies. The only
away win was against New Zealand earlier this year, when Bangladesh registered a historic win in Mount Maunganui.

Bangladesh could learn some lessons from their historic win in New Zealand, where the visitors posted 458 runs in their
first innings before eventually registering a memorable eight-wicket win.

But the fact is that even when the Tigers posted over 300 runs, they have still ended up on the losing side on occasion.

Despite positing 430 runs against the West Indies in the first innings in a Test in Chattogram last year, Bangladesh
ended up on the losing side while the latest ten-wicket defeat against Sri Lanka in Mirpur on May came despite the hosts
posting 365 runs in their first innings.

Although the Tigers still have the opportunity to stage a turnaround despite posting a paltry 103 in the ongoing Test
against the West Indies, Bangladesh's batters will have to come up with something extraordinary in the second innings.
Or else the visitors could well end up following in the footsteps of their past failures.


---
id=19
---
Argentina and Germany met in the final of the 2014 World Cup in Brazil. Joachim Low's side beat La Albiceleste to win
the title as the only goal was scored by Mario Gotze in the extra time of the match.

However, speaking of his World Cup memories, Matthaus mentioned Argentina should have won the title.

"The 7-1 semi-final victory over Brazil in 2014 was the most important thing in that World Cup. Argentina should have
won the final, but the referee did not award a penalty for a foul by Manuel Neuer. We were lucky," Matthaus said while
talking to Argentine newsportal Infobay.

The former German footballer said the World Cup in Qatar would be different from the size of the country with all the
stadiums being beautiful and the country having the best infrastructure in place.

"Anyone can win the World Cup only if the coach, the federation and the team do everything very accurately," Mathews
said. He added that the suspension of league matches for the World Cup would be a new experience.

---
id=20
---
German champions Bayern will pay a fee in the region of 35 million pounds ($42.71 million) for the signature of the
30-year-old Senegal forward, who had a year left on his Liverpool contract, Sky Sports and the BBC reported.

He is expected to sign a three-year contract and will undergo a medical next week.

Mane will leave Anfield after 269 appearances, having scored 120 goals in all competitions, a stellar return that helped
the club to the Champions League title in 2018-19 and the Premier League crown a season later.

He was among Liverpool's stand-out performers last season, netting 23 times as Juergen Klopp's side secured the domestic
cup double and narrowly missed out on the league title to Manchester City.

Mane won six trophies in all following his 34 million pounds switch from Southampton in June 2016, forming a potent
attacking trio with Mohamed Salah and Roberto Firmino.

Klopp last month hailed Mane as "world class" and likened him to a "machine" but the player, eager for a new challenge,
reportedly declined a new contract.

Mane was Klopp's first major signing after taking over as the German set about revitalising the club to take them back
to the top after years of underwhelming results.

The Senegal international's arrival proved to be transformative as his blend of pace, trickery and work off the ball
guided Liverpool to Champions League qualification in his very first season.

Mane will become Bayern's third signing of the close season following the arrivals of Ajax Amsterdam duo Ryan
Gravenberch and Noussair Mazrouai.

($1 = 0.8195 pounds)

(Reporting by Dhruv Munjal in BengaluruEditing by Toby Davis

---
id=21
---
This will be the 44-year-old's first role as a head coach having previously been on the coaching staff at Bayern Munich
and the Germany.

He is set to sign a contract on Sunday.

The website of Altach briefly crashed Friday after the news broke.

"I am looking forward to my new job here," Klose said in a statement.

"I had a positive feeling right from the start."

Klose retired from international football after helping Germany win the 2014 World Cup.

In Brazil, he netted the 16th goal of his career at tournament finals to break the previous World Cup record of Brazil's
Ronaldo.

He is also Germany's record scorer with 71 goals in 137 internationals.

Klose retired from all football in 2016 and was initially assistant coach of Germany under Joachim Loew before taking
charge of Bayern Munich's Under-17s team.

In 2020/21, Klose graduated to the senior team where he joined Hansi Flick's back-room staff as assistant coach.

---
id=22
---
I have always said that scoring a goal is the best feeling in the world," legendary English striker Alan Shearer once
said. In football, where goals decide destinies, it is a striker's role to deliver balls to the back of the net.
Strikers often lead attacks, celebrate in flamboyant fashion and are the 'face' of their team. Although football is a
team sport, no position is as respected as that of a goal-scorer. Ask any child what position they want to play, and
they are likely to reply: "STRIKER!". But what does it take to be a striker? Many say confidence, technical ability,
awareness, composure, movement on and off the ball, communication and discipline shape what ultimately is known as a
striker's killer instinct. To grow such instincts, it is often said that a great foundation is a pre-requisite. From
Bangladesh's perspective, however, the nation has suffered on the international stage in the past decades due to the
absence of instinctive strikers. Alfaz Ahmed -- one of the last Bangladeshis that belonged to that breed of strikers
alongside contemporaries like Rokonuzzaman Kanchan, Imtiaz Ahmed Nakib and others -- shared his concerns regarding the
scarcity of lethal finishers in Bangladesh in an interview with The Daily Star's Ashfaq Ul Mushfiq. The excerpts are
below:

The Daily Star (DS): What are your thoughts on Bangladesh's recent performances in the Asian Cup Qualifiers?

Alfaz Ahmed (AA): The difference in the standard of football was clear. They are ahead of us in many aspects of the
game. Bangladesh football has seen a lot of change off the pitch in recent times. For instance, changes to coaches and
the squad. So they are having a tough time adjusting to the process. Although there were some glimpses of good football,
our finishing totally let us down.

DS: Speaking of finishing, we saw some great goal-scoring Bangladeshis during your era at both club and national level.
But nowadays we see foreigners dominate at the club level while local strikers warm the bench. Why is that happening?

AA: I think it has to do with the mentality of club authorities. You won't see them bringing foreign players for
positions other than striker. There are clubs that bring more than one foreign striker and derive locals of opportunity
and game-time. When young strikers do well at age-level, they get called to professional clubs. But after making it that
far, they don't get opportunities or game time because clubs prefer to play foreigners.

DS: Is that because of a disparity in skill?

AA: If a player is not getting game time, how can you expect him to gain skills? Sure, you can shoot a ball into the net
100 times in practice. But if you don't have the experience of scoring for your team in a difficult scenario, how will
you be prepared for higher levels and the national team? Being a striker doesn't only mean knowing how to shoot on
target, but also having game awareness, movement on and off the ball, positioning, first touch and great understanding
with your teammates. But if opportunities are not afforded, how will a striker gain such qualities? As we can see, most
national-team strikers are acquired by big clubs like Bashundhara Kings and Abahani. But those clubs play their foreign
strikers more often in the league. So you see foreign strikers topping the goal-scoring charts every year. If local
strikers are not gaining experience at the club level, can we keep asking why they fail to score for the national team?

DS: Given the current situation, what should a striker do to become better?

AA: I think strikers should work on a lot of mental aspects. There are multiple issues. First, there are many strikers
who change their positions just because they don't get enough game time up front. But severing the head is not a
solution for a headache. A striker should work hard and fight for his place on the team. You can only get better if you
compete with someone better than you. If you think foreign strikers are better, you should try your best to outdo them.
If you need game time, go to a smaller club, work hard, get more game time and score more goals. That will not only give
you confidence, but you will also gain more experience as a striker and hone that goal-scoring instinct. If you're happy
sitting on the bench at a big club, you will never improve as a striker.

DS: You're currently coaching at an academy. What do you teach the kids who aspire to be strikers?

AA: A good foundation is very important at every position. Whether someone wants to be a striker or a midfielder,
fundamentals are very important. Things such as those I've mentioned earlier -- game awareness, movement on and off the
ball, positioning and first touch â€“ should be taught to strikers during their developmental stage. It's not just in my
academy, there are many academies around the country with licensed coaches that produce great strikers.

That may sound promising for the future, but there is a big gap. There are a lot of tournaments held every year for
Under-14 and U-17 teams. Those who do well in the U-14s are promoted and do well in the U-17s and at both club and
district level. But you hardly see U-19 or U-21 tournaments, which is a crucial stage when any footballer develops for
the elite level. Due to this gap, many footballers drop out. And those who make it in professional clubs fall behind
foreign strikers. Football is also very Dhaka-centric at the league level, so many aspiring players from outside the
capital miss out on opportunities.

DS: So what could the process of solving Bangladesh's goal-scoring conundrum look like in the long run?

AA: See, the lack of strikers has created another problem. Those who are currently in the national team have started to
take their positions for granted because of a lack of competition for places. This sort of mentality will only destroy a
player in the long run. Back in our day, there was intense competition for the national team's No. 9 position. There
were players like Nakib, Mijanur Rahman and Rokonuzzaman Kanchan alongside me and we used to work hard all the time for
a place in the starting eleven. This sort of mentality is missing today.

---
id=23
---
While Robson would love to finish as the top-scorer again, Robson is more focused on helping his team win the league
title after missing out on the other two domestic trophies as well as a disappointing AFC Cup campaign.

"Of course, I would like to be the top scorer in the league again, but first focus is to be champions and then I can
think about the top-scorer," Robson recently told The Daily Star. "We will put our full focus on the league and we will
continue our work game by game, this is how we can win the title."

"There's no secret for me in helping the team getting goals. I always train a lot so that in the game I can do what I do
in training," said the forward, adding, "As I always said we have the best local players in the country and with the
work of the coaches, we were able to have a good first phase of the league."

It is believed that the intensity of the Bangladesh premier league matches is less than some of the other top leagues in
the region, a reason why the Bangladeshi players fail to keep up against opposition teams in international matches.

"International competition is much more intense than [Bangladesh] league matches because in league we lose a lot of game
time, and in international competition the ball is always on the field and players do not take too long to charge the
full-back or the goalkeeper taking the time to kick the ball," observed Robinho.



---
id=24
---
The booters are scheduled to play two FIFA tier-1 matches against their Malaysian counterparts on June 23 and 26.

Mohiuddin Selim, secretary of Sylhet DSA and executive member of the BFF, had let the football federation know about
their incapability to prepare the practice ground as well as the competition ground for the FIFA friendlies. Also, the
Bangladesh Premier League's tie between hosts Rahmatganj MFS and Bashundhara Kings, slated for June 20 at Sylhet Stadium
was deferred by a day and shifted to Munshiganj.

---
id=25
---
Leonardo departed at the end of the 2021-22 campaign, with former Monaco and Lille transfer guru Luis Campos joining the
Ligue 1 champions. Nevertheless, he reflected gleefully on securing the services of the 34-year-old.

"We had thought about it a lot, yes. We had talked about it, but Messi had never thought too much about leaving
Barcelona," he told L'Equipe.

"It was the last moments before his arrival that were decisive. Afterwards, everything becomes a bit more normal but,
you made Messi's only transfer in his career!

"Chronologically, there is Pele, Maradona, Messi. He is on Olympus. So when I take stock of my last three years, I see a
Champions League final, a semi-final, the 10th league title, seven national trophies and I signed Messi.

---
id=26
---
The first ever World Cup co-hosted by three different countries will also see a record number of teams taking part,
increasing by 16 from 32 to 48 as the tournament returns to North America for the first time since the 1994 finals.

The 16 venues named on Thursday include 11 in the United States, three in Mexico and two in Canada.

All of the US games will be held in venues that are home to NFL teams, with the likes of the $5 billion SoFi Stadium in
Los Angeles and the New York Giants' 82,000-seater MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford tipped to host the final.

A total of 60 of the 80 games in the tournament -- including all knockout games from the quarter-finals onwards -- will
take place at US venues.

Mexico City's iconic Azteca Stadium -- host of the 1970 and 1986 World Cup finals -- was included among three Mexican
venues along with the cities of Monterrey and Guadalajara.

Vancouver and Toronto will stage the Canadian games in the tournament.

Infantino meanwhile said 2026 would eclipse the 1994 finals in the United States -- which holds the record for the
highest total attendance -- in every respect.

"2026 will be much, much bigger," Infantino said. "I think this part of the world doesn't realise what will happen in
2026.

"These three countries will be turned upside down and then flipped again. The world will be invading Canada, Mexico and
the United States.

"They will be invaded by a big wave of joy and happiness."

Infantino said he hoped the World Cup would spur the development of football in the region further.

"In this part of the world you are leading the world in many areas. But in the number one sport in the world, soccer or
football, you are not, yet," he said. "The objective must be that you are leading the world in the world's number one
sport."

A decision on which venues would host marquee matches such as the World Cup final and opening game had not yet been
taken.

"We still have to discuss that, we still have to analyse that," Infantino said. "We will take a decision in due course."

However Infantino revealed that given the vast geographical spread of staging the tournament across North America, FIFA
was looking at basing teams in regional "clusters" to minimise travel.

"When you're dealing with such a large region as North America we need to care about the fans and make sure that teams
are playing in clusters, that fans and teams don't have to travel crazy distances," Infantino said.

\- Super Bowl pedigree -
  The list of US venues stretch from coast to coast, featuring several cities that hosted games in the 1994 World Cup
  finals. However no actual stadium venues from the 1994 tournament will repeat in 2026.

Other venues include the Dallas Cowboys giant AT&T Stadium in Arlington and the Miami Dolphins' Hard Rock Stadium. Seven
of the 11 venues named Thursday have hosted the Super Bowl.

The Kansas City Chiefs' Arrowhead Stadium -- the loudest stadium in the world according to the Guinness Book of World
Records -- also made the cut.

NFL venues in Seattle, San Francisco, Atlanta, Houston, Boston and Philadelphia were also on the list.

However there was no place for Washington D.C. on the venues list. It means the 2026 tournament will be the first World
Cup since the 1974 finals in the then West Germany not to feature a host's capital city.

Colin Smith, FIFA's chief competitions and events officer, acknowledged Washington's absence after an "incredibly
competitive" bid process.

"This was a very very difficult choice," Smith said. "It's hard to imagine a World Cup coming to the US and the capital
city not taking a major role."

Smith meanwhile said some of the NFL venues would require slight modifications to widen "pinch points" but said stadium
capacity would not be affected.

"The number of fans who are going to be able to experience this World Cup will probably be double than what we've
previously had," he said.

"World Cup 1994 holds the record for attendance -- and that's going to be blown out of the water."

---
id=27
---
The 29-year-old France midfielder is expected to return to Juventus when his United contract expires at the end of this
month.

In an Amazon Prime documentary entitled The Pogumentary, to be released on Friday, Pogba discusses his future with his
former agent Mino Raiola, who died in April after living with a serious illness since January.

The Athletic, which had access to preview material, reported how the Frenchman dismissed United's second offer with his
late agent Mino Raiola, describing it as 'nothing' as he sat in his Rolls Royce.

This was even after United made a number of genuine attempts to keep Pogba at the club.

"Paul, you are in a situation which is very particular. You have no idea. You have no idea," Raiola tells Pogba as he is
driving in Miami.

Pogba then asks: "Did Manchester (United) make a second offer?" To which Raiola replies: "Yes. They absolutely want you
to stay. For me, the offer doesn't reflect that. I told them, "If you want him to stay, don't make that offer".

"I will make them understand that if they really want you to stay and they want to build a project around you, this time
they have to act differently and put the money on the table."

"They're bluffing," Pogba replies. "How can you tell a player you absolutely want him and offer him nothing? Never seen
that."

At the end of the documentary, Pogba pledges to "show Manchester that they made a mistake in waiting to give me a
contract. And show other clubs that Manchester made a mistake in not offering me a contract."

Pogba is a free agent now, having left United after six unfulfilling years.

---
id=28
---
The BFF has placed a Development Project Proposal (DPP) titled "Organising football competitions and training round the
year in a bid to revive Bangladesh's football, strengthen the national football team as well as Bangladesh Football
Federation" to the Youth and Sports Ministry, seeking a whopping Tk 90 crore per year.

After a feasibility study, the Youth and Sports Ministry will send the DDP to the finance ministry for final approval.
As part of the feasibility study, the Youth and Sports Ministry yesterday sat with stakeholders to discuss different
parts of the proposal in the presence of State Minister for Youth and Sports Zahid Ahsan Russel, BFF president Kazi
Salahuddin and other higher-ups.

There were five main categories for the expenses in the DPP, breaking up the yearly allocation of Tk 90 crore.

The first is to organise the professional football leagues at the national level with the participation of local clubs
as well as to organise training activities, which will cost Tk 27 crore per year.

The second was organising five national football camps, playing/organising 15 international friendlies or warm-up
matches for the national team, appointing the coaching staff and also to pay national players. To do this, the BFF needs
Tk 19 crore per year.

Third, the BFF needs Tk 20 crore per year for the operation of three football academies, for which they will avail
existing stadiums. Each academy will have 50 players, who will get facilities for training as well as remuneration,
education, clothing.

The fourth category relates to the national women's football teams and includes the cost of training camps,
international friendlies and women's football competitions and talent-hunt programmes. The BFF requires Tk 7 crore per
year to do this.

The BFF will need Tk 10 crore per year for the fifth and final category, which relates to expenditures behind organising
district football leagues and tournaments in all 64 districts as well as training programmes for different age-groups.

"We participated in today's seminar in a quest to revive the country's football. We received some recommendations. It is
just the start. We are also hoping to get more recommendations from the next two meetings. Then we will decide on a
course of action," Russel said.

---
id=29
---
Manchester City will begin the defence of their Premier League title at West Ham while Liverpool travel to Fulham on the
opening weekend of the season.

City have completed the signing of Norway striker Haaland from Bundesliga club Borussia Dortmund on a five-year
contract.

City did not provide financial details of the deal but German media reported that the total cost of buying Haaland could
exceed 300 million euros ($314.22 million), including his salary, agent fees and bonuses.

The 2022-23 fixtures, published on Thursday, give new Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag an opening test at Old
Trafford against Brighton, who hammered United 4-0 last month.

Nottingham Forest's first match in the top flight for 23 years will be at Newcastle.

Pep Guardiola's City will start their bid for a fifth title in six seasons at the London Stadium on Sunday, August 7,
after all their rivals have begun their campaigns.

Frank Lampard, whose Everton side narrowly escaped relegation, comes up against his former employers Chelsea on the
previous evening.

For the second season running Arsenal have the honour of kicking-off the new campaign with a short trip to Crystal
Palace on Friday, August 5.

Liverpool and City renew their rivalry at Anfield in mid-October, after a midweek Champions League tie, with the return
fixture scheduled for the start of April.

Reds boss Jurgen Klopp is unlikely to be impressed with their fixture allocation in conjunction with their European
commitments.

Their three away matches following Champions' League group games are against Chelsea, Arsenal and Tottenham.

The traditional "Big Six" have been kept apart on the final weekend before the mid-season break for the World Cup in
Qatar, the weekend of November 12/13.

Following the resumption of the campaign on December 26, Leeds host City and United welcome Forest.

City head to Brentford on the final day of the season, with Liverpool away at Southampton.

---
id=30
---
The 39-year-old, who rejoined Barca last November on a short-term deal until the end of the season, confirmed he would
not be extending his contract.

"I would like to thank all the staff for the opportunity they gave me to return to this club and to be able to wear that
wonderful shirt again, you don't know how happy I am," the Brazilian international said in an Instagram post.

Alves made 408 appearances in total for Barcelona, with 391 of those coming in his first spell from 2008-2016.

During that initial stint, he won six La Liga titles, three Champions League crowns and four Copa del Rey trophies.

Alves is still in line to be named in Brazil's squad for the Qatar World Cup later this year and started both of their
friendly wins over Japan and South Korea earlier this month.

---
id=31
---
A total of 32 teams have qualified for the FIFA World Cup 2022, which runs from November 21 to December 18, with Qatar
earning automatic qualification, courtesy of being the hosts.

There are a good number of notable names who will not be at the World Cup this year â€“ Mohamed Salah with Egypt, Zlatan
Ibrahimovic with Sweden, and the Italian team under Roberto Mancini that won Euro 2020.

But it also marked the return of Canada into the World Cup fold for the first time since 1986, and Gareth Bale's Wales,
who will play at the event for the first time since 1958.

EUROPE (UEFA)
Thirteen teams qualified for the World Cup from this confederation.

Cristiano Ronaldo's Portugal missed the direct spot after being stunned by Serbia in the final group match but qualified
for the FIFA World Cup 2022 through the playoffs. Four-time champions Italy, though, failed to qualify after losing to
North Macedonia in their playoff semi-finals.

Poland and Wales also progressed after playing through a second stage of qualifiers.

Serbia, Spain, Switzerland, France, Belgium, Denmark, Netherlands, Croatia, England, and Germany made it through as
winners of the 10 groups.

SOUTH AMERICA (CONMEBOL)
Only four teams made it through from South America this time, as Peru lost in the inter-continental qualifiers to
Australia.

Brazil, who last won the FIFA World Cup in 2002, advanced as a top finisher from the CONMEBOL's qualification
tournament, which saw nine other teams. The Selecao have featured in every World Cup to date.

Lionel Messi's Argentina, who won the Copa America last year, have also made it through.

Uruguay too managed to get through in third place, and then Ecuador finished fourth to wrap up the CONMEBOL direct
entries.

AFRICA (CAF)

This was the first confederation to have completed its qualification process. Ghana, Senegal, Tunisia, Morocco and
Cameroon were the five teams out of 54 competing to claim the World Cup spots reserved for African nations.

ASIA (AFC)
Qatar, by virtue of being hosts, had secured the qualification early. Joining them through direct entries are Saudi
Arabia, Japan, Iran and South Korea. Australia won their inter-continental playoff against Peru to make it a record six
teams from AFC.

Never before in the history of World Cups have six teams affiliated to the Asian Football Confederation (AFC) qualified
for the final tournament.

Five teams from Asia took part in 2018 World Cup in Russia.

NORTH AMERICA (CONCACAF)
Canada surprised the field by topping the qualification round to earn a direct entry, and make it to the World Cup for
the first time since 1986. In second place was Mexico, followed by the United States making up the three direct entry
spots.

**No team made it from the Oceania region.

**This is the last time a World Cup will have 32 countries competing in the finals, as the next edition in 2026 will be
played with 48 teams.

GROUPS
Group A: Qatar, Ecuador, Senegal, Netherlands

Group B: England, Iran, USA, Wales

Group C: Argentina, Saudi Arabia, Mexico, Poland

Group D: France, Australia, Denmark, Tunisia

Group E: Spain, Costa Rica, Germany, Japan

Group F: Belgium, Canada, Morocco, Croatia

Group G: Brazil, Serbia, Switzerland, Cameroon

Group H: Portugal, Ghana, Uruguay, South Korea

KEY DATES
Group stage: November 21 to December 2

Round of 16: December 3-6

Quarter-finals: December 9-10

Semi-finals: December 13-14

Final: December 18

---
id=32
---
Former Arsenal forward Campbell netted in the third minute in Doha and New Zealand, who were reduced to 10 men in the
second half, could not find an equaliser despite dominating for long periods.

Costa Rica will face Germany, Spain and Japan in a tough Group E at the tournament which starts in Qatar in November.

Victory put Costa Rica into their third straight World Cup and sixth in total. Their best effort so far was a surprise
run to the quarter-finals in 2014.

New Zealand striker Chris Wood had what he thought was a leveller ruled out by VAR shortly before half-time at the Ahmad
bin Ali Stadium due to a foul earlier in the move.

The Kiwis also saw Kosta Barbarouses sent off, barely eight minutes after coming on as a substitute, for a challenge on
Costa Rica's Francisco Calvo. That decision was also changed by VAR after he had initially been shown a yellow card.

"We are incredibly disappointed, we are hurting," said New Zealand coach Danny Hay.

"I thought we were by far the better team. There was one team that dominated."

He called the decision for the disallowed goal "atrocious" and said the referee should not have been in charge of the
game.

Both sides had suffered badly from the pandemic upheaval.

The whole Oceania qualifying group, that New Zealand won to reach this play-off, was held behind closed doors in Qatar
this year because of the coronavirus.

Costa Rica star Bryan Ruiz went down with Covid-19 two weeks before Tuesday's game and the team had to deny accusations
that they played two infected players against Jamaica in January.

New Zealand's neighbours Australia took the 31st qualifying spot in the same stadium on Monday when they beat Peru 5-4
on penalties.

The first World Cup in an Arab nation starts in Qatar on November 21, with the final on December 18.

---
id=33
---
The winger, born to South Sudanese parents in a Kenyan refugee camp, calmly converted the first sudden death penalty and
then watched on as Andrew Redmayne saved Alex Valera's spot-kick to clinch the playoff victory in Doha. Read full story

"I knew I was going to score. It was the only way to say thank you to Australia, from me and my family," the 26-year-old
told reporters from Qatar.

"My family fled Sudan because of war, I was born in a hut. My hotel room here is bigger than the room we had as a family
back in the refugee camp. For Australia to take us in and re-settle us, it gave me and my family a chance of life."

Mabil hoped his contribution to Tuesday's win would, in the football world at least, help create a new narrative around
refugees in Australia.

"Now I think I might have an impact on Australian football," he added.

"We're going to the World Cup. I scored (the penalty), a lot of my team mates scored, we all played a part.

"And yeah, maybe that refugee kid played a big part. So that's on behalf of my family just to say thank you to the whole
of Australia."

Mabil said he had arrived in Australia as a child just in time to see the "Golden Generation" of Socceroos play at the
2006 World Cup in Germany.

The current generation of players, he said, were determined not to be burdened by the memory of the days when Tim Cahill
and Harry Kewell wore the green and gold shirt.

"We want to create our own chapter," he said. "For me, I see it as a motivation. Now it's time for us to write our own
script. Next time we're going to qualify directly. We always do it the hard way as Aussies, it's time to change that
picture."

---
id=34
---
The playoff between the Asian and South American qualifiers had been goalless after 120 minutes and needed sudden death
penalties to decide the result at the Ahmad bin Ali Stadium in Doha.

Australia, who have been a member of the AFC since leaving the Oceania Football Confederation in 2006, became the sixth
nation from the Asian zone to qualify for the World Cup, set to kick-off in less than six months in Qatar.

Meanwhile, five teams from Asia took part in 2018 World Cup in Russia.

Never before in the history of World Cups have six teams affiliated to the Asian Football Confederation (AFC) qualified
for the final tournament.

Iran, South Korea, Saudi Arabia and Japan made it through the AFC World Cup qualifiers while Qatar had already been an
entry as the hosts.

It is only fitting that this development comes at a time when the World Cup is being hosted in Asia for only the second
time in history.

---
id=35
---


---
id=36
---


---
id=37
---


---
id=38
---


---
id=39
---


---
id=40
---


---
id=41
---


---
id=42
---


---
id=43
---


---
id=44
---


---
id=45
---


---
id=46
---


---
id=47
---


---
id=48
---


---
id=46
---


---
id=50
---



